Please click this button here for Step 6 outputs and this is automatically populated for you as with
all the previous steps.
And there's a couple of different optional fields that I put in here as well we can turn them off so
most people won't do customer survey research.
I recommend doing it but you can always turn that off there which will turn off later on to automatically
you'll see this will filter through nicely by the time we create the final business plan.
Here you've got customer service you can turn on or turn off the customer response time based on whether
it's it's it applies to your business model or not.
Same thing with customer loyalty.
Same thing with customer profile documentation meaning your email marketing campaign how you collect
information from from potential customers and and current customers.
And then here you can turn off or on the warranty policy and on or off the search trends.
I recommend talking about industry search trends because it shows a quantitative perspective that you've
been really thoughtful with your analysis of the industry as well and documented it in your business
plan and a lot of people you meet with are more quantitative oriented instead of being qualitative and
they'll want data and they'll ask you about data.
And some investors are people that are interested in your business model or business plan.
I only asked about qualitative stuff we cover everything in this cautious in case.
Here's BT barriers to entry if you entry anything.
And as always you have my sample answers here at in yours as well.
Many people won't care about what the total addressable market is going to be in five years because
they're just kind of creating a business plan and looking one or two years instead of five or ten I
recommend looking longer term by just me seasonality.
Not every business has seasonality but I think it's important to document it.
If you do have seasonality and when we create your financial model to gather in Step 12 you're going
to see a lot of the stuff that we've covered will feed into that in seasonality is going to be a part
of that as well.
Meaning if you have higher revenue or sales which is the same thing sales revenues same thing.
But if you go higher revenue in sales in Q4 versus say Q1 which is usually seasonally quite slow if
you have any questions about this please let me know otherwise I will see you in step 7 where we'll
talk about competition.
Thanks.